Bullet/Spakline: update size and render (#4901)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxBullet/1 Configuration/size/size.md

---
default:  {height: 30, width: 300}
---
You can specify a custom width and height for the component:

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>Fixed</th>
        <th>Relative</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Assign values to the <b>size</b> object's <b>height</b> and <b>width</b> properties or specify a container for the component.</td>

>         <td>Specify a container for the component. The component occupies the container area on initialization. If a container's size changes, the component size do not change. If you want to update the size, call the <a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxBullet/Methods/#render">render</a> method.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Specify a container for the component. The component occupies the container area on initialization. If a container's size changes, the component's size does not change. If you want to update the size, call the <a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxBullet/Methods/#render">render</a> method.</td>
```

    </tr>
</table>

[note]

- The **size** object has priority over the container.

> - The **size** configuration object reserves space for the main UI component elements, while displaying a tooltip may require extra space. To reserve the area around the UI component for the tooltip, you can apply a <a href="http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_margin.asp" target="_blank">margin</a> to the UI component's container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- While the **size** configuration object reserves space for the main UI component elements, displaying a tooltip may require extra space. To reserve space for the tooltip around the UI component, you can apply a <a href="http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_margin.asp" target="_blank">margin</a> to the UI component's container.
```
